[Inference API] update docs to reflect new daily rate limits (#1439)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/api-inference/rate-limits.md

Serverless API is not meant to be used for heavy production applications. If you need higher rate limits, consider [Inference Endpoints](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-endpoints) to have dedicated resources.

> Only registered users can use the Inference API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to be authenticated (passing a token or through your browser) to use the Inference API.
```

| User Tier           | Rate Limit                |
|---------------------|---------------------------|
| Signed-up Users     | 1.000 requests per day     |

> | PRO and Enterprise Users           | 20.000 requests per day    |

Reviewer 2: This might be confusing to US people (they can read it as `1` and `20` requests per day with too many decimals). Maybe use "1 thousand" or "1K" instead?

Reviewer 3: yes, either `1k/20k` or `1,000/20,000`  otherwise

| User Tier           | Rate Limit                |
|---------------------|---------------------------|

> | Signed-up Users     | 1000 requests per day     |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| Signed-up Users     | 1.000 requests per day     |
```

> | Signed-up Users     | 1000 requests per day     |

Reviewer 4: Should we had a sentence "only registered users can use the Inference API" above or below the table?
